[IMP] l10n_us: blank checks (#10946)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/finance/fiscal_localizations/united_states.rst

Once all check configurations are complete, :guilabel:`Save` the settings.

.. tip::

>    Pre-printed checks (non-blank check) formats require pre-printed paper from a third party vendor,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Pre-printed check formats (non-blank checks) require pre-printed paper from a third-party vendor.
```
I think this just sounds a little clearer- but not a necessary edit. Also, looks like third-party gets a hyphen according to my search and Grammarly (I didn't realize myself!).

   https://checkdepot.net/collections/odoo-checks is recommended.

.. important::

>    Use the blank check formats to print the information of the check ad-hoc when needed. Requires
>    the use of :abbr:`MICR (Magnetic Ink Character Recognition)` ink or toner complying with the
>    standards for check printing as well as `check quality paper <https://checkdepot.net/collections/blank-check-paper/products/top-format-blank-check-paper-cdt164>`_
>    needs to be provided. Other information such as the company name, bank account, and check number
>    is printed when creating the check.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Use one of the blank check formats to print the information of the check ad-hoc when needed. This requires
   the use of both :abbr:`MICR (Magnetic Ink Character Recognition)` ink or toner complying with the
   standards for check printing, as well as `check quality paper <https://checkdepot.net/collections/blank-check-paper/products/top-format-blank-check-paper-cdt164>`. Other information, such as the company name, bank account, and check number,
   is printed when creating the blank check.
```

Once all check configurations are complete, :guilabel:`Save` the settings.

.. tip::
   Pre-printed check formats (non-blank checks) require pre-printed paper from a third-party vendor.

>    https://checkdepot.net/collections/odoo-checks is recommended.

Reviewer 2: would turn this into a hyperlink format
